CNV-27190 - control plane tuning (#62130)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-configuring-rate-limiters.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/advanced_vm_management/virt-vm-control-plane-tuning.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-configuring-rate-limiters_{context}"]
= Configuring rate limiters

> To compensate for large-scale burst rates, scale the `QPS`(Queries per Second) and `burst` `RateLimits` to process a higher rate of client requests or API calls concurrently for each component.

Reviewer: Suggest changing `burst` `RateLimits` to "burst rate limits". There is no need to mark these terms in backticks in a generic context.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about "...scale `QPS (Queries per Second) and `burst` values to process..."?

> Apply a jsonpatch annotation to adjust the `kubevirt-hyperconverged` cluster configuration using a `tuningPolicy` to apply scalable tuning parameters. This `tuningPolicy` will automatically adjust all virtualization components (`webhook`, `api`, `controller`, `handler`) to match the `QPS` and `burst` values specified by the profile.

Reviewer 3: Wondering if `jsonpatch` should be set off like the other parameters/components with backticks.

Reviewer 3: This is a procedure module so there needs to be a procedure heading and a `*` for an unnumbered single step per the [doc template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/master/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc) for procedures.

> Apply a jsonpatch annotation to adjust the `kubevirt-hyperconverged` cluster configuration using a `tuningPolicy` to apply scalable tuning parameters. This `tuningPolicy` will automatically adjust all virtualization components (`webhook`, `api`, `controller`, `handler`) to match the `QPS` and `burst` values specified by the profile.

Reviewer: jsonpatch > JSON patch

> Apply a jsonpatch annotation to adjust the `kubevirt-hyperconverged` cluster configuration using a `tuningPolicy` to apply scalable tuning parameters. This `tuningPolicy` will automatically adjust all virtualization components (`webhook`, `api`, `controller`, `handler`) to match the `QPS` and `burst` values specified in the annotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apply a jsonpatch annotation to adjust the `kubevirt-hyperconverged` cluster configuration using a `tuningPolicy` to apply scalable tuning parameters. This `tuningPolicy` will automatically adjust all virtualization components (`webhook`, `api`, `controller`, `handler`) to match the `QPS` and `burst` values specified by the profile.
```

> +

Reviewer 3: Did you want the note indented under the previous paragraph? If so then I think the line above the `+` needs to be removed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/advanced_vm_management/virt-vm-control-plane-tuning.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-configuring-rate-limiters_{context}"]
= Configuring rate limiters

To compensate for large-scale burst rates, scale the `QPS` (Queries per Second) and `burst` rate limits to process a higher rate of client requests or API calls concurrently for each component.

.Procedure

* Apply a `jsonpatch` annotation to adjust the `kubevirt-hyperconverged` cluster configuration by using `tuningPolicy` to apply scalable tuning parameters. This tuning policy automatically adjusts all virtualization components (`webhook`, `api`, `controller`, `handler`) to match the `QPS` and `burst` values specified by the profile.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is recommended to open a Support Exception before applying this method of tuning.

Reviewer 4: @jeniferh do customers still require a support exception?

Reviewer 5: AFAIK any hco change still requires a SE, cc @fabiand to be sure

Author: @fabiand Can you confirm?

Author: @dominikholler I was unclear at the start that the support exception referred to the jsonpatch, which is the entire procedure in this module. We don't document unsupported features in the CNV docs unless they are TP or DP, and only if clearly marked. I chatted with @djfjeff today about this and I'm removing this module from the docs until it is supported.
